c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\DocumentsApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\DocumentsApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\DocumentsApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\bin\Debug\DocumentsApp.exe.config
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\bin\Debug\DocumentsApp.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\bin\Debug\DocumentsApp.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\DocumentsApp.g.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\DocumentsApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\DocumentsApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\DocumentsApp.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\DocumentsApp.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\SignInPage.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\SignInPage.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\SignUpPage.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\SignUpPage.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\RegistrationDocumentPage.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocumentsApp\DocumentsApp\obj\Debug\RegistrationDocumentPage.baml
